Trump Calls Jerusalem Plan Step Toward Peace, but It Puts Mideast on Edge A viewpoint overlooking the Old City of Jerusalem on Wednesday. News that President Trump would formally recognize the city as Israel’s capital seemed to be taking a bit of time to sink in.
Australia Makes Same-Sex Marriage Legal Celebration at a bar in Sydney after the bill passed. The Australian public voted decisively for legalizing gay marriage in a nonbinding referendum last month.
Rallying Cry of Jerusalem May Have Lost Force in Arab World Jerusalem’s Old City.
Mystery Buyer of $450 Million ‘Salvator Mundi’ Was a Saudi Prince Prince Bader bin Abdullah bin Mohammed bin Farhan al-Saud
In Norway, Fighting the Culling of Reindeer With a Macabre Display Four hundred reindeer skulls hanging in front of the Parliament building in Oslo on Tuesday.
U.N., European Union and Pope Criticize Trump’s Jerusalem Announcement Protesters burned the flags of Israel and the United States in Gaza City on Wednesday.
Russia Balks at Cross-Border Humanitarian Aid in Syria A convoy of aid vehicles heading to government-held towns in Idlib, in Syria, last year.
Memoirs of an Emperor: Hirohito’s Account of World War II Sells for $275,000 A handwritten transcript of Emperor Hirohito’s account of events from 1928 to 1945, including Japan’s reasons for entering World War II, was sold Wednesday in New York.
Plot to Kill U.K. Prime Minister Foiled, Court Hears Police officers outside 10 Downing Street in London, the official residence of the British prime minister, on Wednesday.
Australians Celebrate Same-Sex Marriage With Anthem Spectators in the public gallery began singing “I Am Australian,” a well-known anthem, after Australian lawmakers voted to legalize same-sex marriage on Thursday.
Erdogan, on Landmark Visit to Greece, Sets Diplomacy Aside President Prokopis Pavlopoulos of Greece, center-left, with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, center-right, during a welcome ceremony in Athens on Thursday.
Palestinians Vent Their Anger After Trump’s Jerusalem Declaration Palestinian protesters reacted to tear gas fired by Israeli troops during clashes near the Jewish settlement of Beit El, near the West Bank city of Ramallah.
Ghostly Boats Carry North Korean Crews, Dead and Alive, to Japan A man tries to peek inside a wooden boat that washed ashore on northwestern Japan’s Miyazawa Beach with eight corpses inside. Yellow sign reads “Danger” and “Please stay away.”
Nikki Haley Calls U.S. Presence at South Korea Olympics an ‘Open Question’ Nikki R. Haley, the American ambassador to the United Nations, at the Security Council in November.
Right-Wing Populist Is Blocked From Joining Nobel Peace Prize Committee The Norwegian politician Carl I. Hagen arriving for the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony in Oslo in 2015.
U.S. Says 2,000 Troops Are in Syria, a Fourfold Increase Defense Secretary Jim Mattis in October in Washington. He ordered that the Pentagon disclose new troop totals in Syria.
Trump Urges Saudi Arabia to End Blockade of Goods Into Yemen Yemenis collected drinking water from a donated pipe in Sanaa last month.
Jerusalem, Franken, Wildfires: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing
China Says It’s Open for Business. Foreign Firms Find It’s Not That Simple. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada was among the foreign leaders attending the Fortune Global Forum in Guangzhou, China, on Wednesday.
Full Video: President Trump Speaks on Jerusalem President Trump has recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. The decision bucks nearly seven decades of American foreign policy.
The World’s Biggest Starbucks Opens in Shanghai. Here’s What It Looks Like. The opening ceremony of the new Starbucks Reserve Roastery in Shanghai on Wednesday.
Tech We’re Using: What Tech Tools Frequent Travelers Should Always Pack Lucas Peterson, who writes the Frugal Traveler column, at a hotel in Miami this week. He said he didn’t see much difference between the various online booking agencies.
Halifax Journal: Century After Halifax’s Great Explosion, City Marks Anniversary Halifax’s harbor after the explosion in December 1917. The blast leveled much of the north end of the city and killed about 2,000 people.
Russia Won’t Keep Athletes Home, Putin Says After Olympics Ban The Russian Olympic Committee headquarters in Moscow. The Russian team has been barred from the 2018 Winter Games in South Korea.
Near North Korea’s Border, a Chinese Paper Offers Tips on Nuclear Fallout The river marking the border between North Korea, background, and China’s Jilin province.
What World Leaders Think of Jerusalem as Israel’s Capital Global and regional leaders warned of the dangers of declaring Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. President Trump announced the change on Wednesday.
Putin Confirms He Is Running for President President Vladimir V. Putin, left, meeting with workers at the Gorky Automobile Factory in Nizhny Novgorod on Wednesday, where he announced he would run for re-election.
Trump Recognizes Jerusalem as Israel’s Capital and Orders U.S. Embassy to Move Ignoring warnings from diplomats around the world, President Trump reverses decades of American policy toward the contested city.
Malta Charges 3 Veteran Criminals in Journalist’s Murder A suspect being escorted out of the Law Courts in Valletta, Malta, on Wednesday after being charged with the murder of the journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia.
China Scolds Australia Over Its Fears of Foreign Influence Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia with China’s president, Xi Jinping, in the Chinese city of Hangzhou last year. Mr. Turnbull proposed laws this week aimed at curbing foreign influence in Australian politics.
State of the Art: The Hidden Player Spurring a Wave of Cheap Consumer Devices: Amazon
A Long-Dead Cambodian King Is Back — and He Looks Familiar A statue of the 16th-century ruler Sdech Kan in Prey Veng, Cambodia. At least seven statues of the once-obscure king have gone up in recent years, all with faces resembling Prime Minister Hun Sen’s.
Zarrab’s Take From Iran Sanctions Plot? ‘Maybe $150 Million,’ He Says Reza Zarrab in Istanbul in 2013.
Olympics, Jerusalem, John Conyers: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
Banned From Winter Olympics, Russia Faces Greatest Sports Crisis Since Soviet Era The opening ceremony of the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, in 2014.
Scenes of Devastation From California’s Latest Wildfire A firefighter trying to contain a wildfire in Ventura, Calif. More than 1,000 firefighters are battling the flames.
Myanmar’s Rohingya Actions May Be Genocide, U.N. Official Says Rohingya refugees arriving in Bangladesh in September.
Why Jerusalem Is So Contested President Trump declared recognition of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. Here’s why that’s so fraught.
The Conflict in Jerusalem Is Distinctly Modern. Here’s the History. An aerial view of Jerusalem's Old City.
It’s Official: Lebanese Prime Minister Not Resigning After All Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon, center, rescinded his resignation at a cabinet meeting at the presidential palace on Tuesday.
In Era of Trump, Germany Seeks a Stronger Role Abroad The acting foreign minister of Germany, Sigmar Gabriel, speaking in Berlin on Tuesday. European countries, he said, “must be able to define our own position and, if necessary, draw red lines.”
Inside China’s Big Tech Conference, New Ways to Track Citizens President Xi Jinping of China shown on a screen during the fourth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen.
Austria Allows Gay Marriage in Court Ruling The Regenbogenparade, or Rainbow Parade, in Vienna in June.
U.S. to Recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s Capital, Trump Says, Alarming Middle East Leaders Igniting fears of violence in the region, President Trump’s decision could derail any peace initiative, Arab and European leaders warn.
Ex-Leader of Georgia Confronts Ukraine Agents in Rooftop Standoff Ukrainian security officers arresting Mikheil Saakashvili, the former president of Georgia, in Kiev on Tuesday.
Montreal Journal: Quebec Tries to Say Au Revoir to ‘Hi,’ and Hello to ‘Bonjour’ Wilensky’s Light Lunch in Montreal. Quebec’s legislators last week unanimously passed a resolution calling for shopkeepers to stop saying “Bonjour hi” when they greet customers and to say “Bonjour” instead.
Toblerone vs. Poundland: A Food Fight With Peaks and Troughs Seeing double? A Toblerone bar, top, and Twin Peaks, a rival produced by the British discount chain Poundland.
How the world reacted to Trump's Jerusalem decision Top Palestinian officials condemned US President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, saying the decision would bolster extremists' calls for holy wars and delegitimize the United States as an arbiter in the peace process.
Protests erupt in West Bank, CNN reporter there amid tear gas CNN's Ian Lee reports from Ramallah in the West Bank as protesters respond to President Trump's Jerusalem decision.
For Palestinians, Trump's move is the end of the peace process At the UN General Assembly in September, US President Donald Trump and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas made a joint appearance before the world's media.
White House admits decision could derail peace process President Donald Trump's decision Wednesday to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital has temporarily derailed the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, two senior White House officials acknowledged after Trump's speech.
Why the move is so controversial 
What on earth is going on with bitcoin? 
U.S. hits Vietnam with tariffs over Chinese steel 
Gulf Arab trade bloc at risk as rifts widen 
Should Elon Musk merge Tesla and SpaceX? 
Want to study abroad? It'll cost you 
10 ways to change the world Their missions vary greatly: To provide loving homes for orphaned children, feed those in crisis or  mend war's psychological wounds.
Meet people helping their communities Meet 10 everyday people doing extraordinary things to change the world. Cast your vote for CNN Hero of the Year at CNNHeroes.com and watch CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute, Sunday, Dec. 17 at 8pm ET
Vote for your favorite! 
Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth 
San Diego homes for sale 
Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now 

Jordanian Foreign Minister Ayman Safadi explains Jordan is "extremely concerned" about the consequences of President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
American skiers Lindsey Vonn and Mikaela Shiffrin speak out against Russian doping, backing the IOC's decision to ban the country from next year's Winter Olympics.
The Australian Parliament celebrated with singing and flags after it voted to legalize same-sex marriage.
Palestinians living in refugee camps in Lebanon say they hope to return home someday, and tell CNN's Ben Wedeman that despite whatever Arab leaders say, they are largely indifferent to the symbolism of President Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Filling in for Jimmy Kimmel on his show, Tracee Ellis Ross debuted "The Handsy Man" to outline how to avoid sexually harassing women.
In Puglia, Italy, many migrant workers are living in squalid conditions, exploited by a corrupt system of middlemen who control their access to work.
17-year-old Becky left Nigeria in search of the European dream. Instead, she was forced into prostitution in Italy.
In an interview with CNN's Christina MacFarlane, Skier Lindsey Vonn says she hopes to represent the people of the US at the 2018 Winter Olympics but not President Donald Trump.
CNN has learned about one possible defense against Kim Jong Un's missiles and it involves microwaves. CNN's Brian Todd reports.
Danielle Brooks introduces 2016 Top 10 CNN Hero Craig Dodson at the 10th Annual CNN Heroes All-Star Tribute.
Edward Norton introduces 2016 Top 10 CNN Hero Luma Mufleh at the 10th Annual CNN Heroes All-Star Tribute.
Liev Schreiber introduces 2016 Top 10 CNN Hero Umra Omar at the 10th Annual CNN Heroes All-Star Tribute.
The most accurate climate change models predict the most alarming consequences, study finds The study adds to a growing body of bad news about how human activity is changing the planet's climate and how dire those changes will be in the future.
In an unusually harsh public scolding of an ally, Trump urges Saudi Arabia to allow aid to reach Yemen The president’s statement, reflecting the growing alarm of relief agencies, came after the second consecutive night of Saudi airstrikes launched to prevent Houthi rebels from consolidating power over the Yemeni capital, Sanaa.
For Brexit, Theresa May’s toughest foe is not Europe but critics in Britain The prime minister faces blistering arguments on all sides at home, including a revolt among her own ministers. Members of her Conservative party challenged whether she has the resolve to negotiate a tough, decisive exit.
Australian Parliament approves same-sex marriage measure after bitter debate Lawmakers rejected amendments meant to safeguard freedoms of speech and religion for gay-marriage opponents. The law will likely take effect in about a month, with the first weddings expected about a month later.
Palestinians clash with Israeli troops in protests over Trump’s Jerusalem speech The violence broke out ahead of a “day of rage” called by the Hamas militant group to protest U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital.
Hamas has called for a new ‘intifada’ against Israel. Here's what that means. Could Trump's pronouncement be the final trigger?
Nikki Haley: North Korea threat makes U.S. Olympic participation an 'open question' The U.N. ambassador did not confirm that it was a “done deal” the U.S. government would recommend that its athletes compete in PyeongChang amid rising tensions in the region.
FBI director to face lawmakers’ questions about bureau’s handling of Trump, Clinton probes Christopher A. Wray’s testimony before the House Judiciary Committee comes as agent’s conduct is under scrutiny.
Mideast leaders accuse Trump of inflaming the region with Jerusalem move Criticism of Trump’s decision came from U.S. friends and foes alike across the Middle East.
Hamas has called for a new ‘intifada’ against Israel. Here's what that means. Could Trump's pronouncement be the final trigger?
U.S. allies reject Trump’s Jerusalem pronouncement as ‘very dangerous’ and ’catastrophic’ Close allies such as Britain, France and Germany had criticized Trump or voiced skepticism ahead of the move.
Why few are celebrating the end of the Islamic State's caliphate, and 6 other global stories In this occasional series, The Washington Post brings you up to speed on some of the biggest stories of the week.
For Trump, Jerusalem is an extension of a global culture war There is a simple ideological explanation to Trump's controversial move.
North Korean ‘ghost ships’ are washing up on the shores of Japan. Why? Sanctions appear to be hurting, with fishermen running out of fuel as they try to meet increasing quotas.
U.S. allies reject Trump’s Jerusalem pronouncement as ‘very dangerous’ and ’catastrophic’ Close allies such as Britain, France and Germany had criticized Trump or voiced skepticism ahead of the move.
Why few are celebrating the end of the Islamic State's caliphate, and 6 other global stories In this occasional series, The Washington Post brings you up to speed on some of the biggest stories of the week.
For Trump, Jerusalem is an extension of a global culture war There is a simple ideological explanation to Trump's controversial move.
Where would a U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem actually go? Finding space to build a new embassy in the contested city won't be easy.
VA tried to reallocate $460 million earmarked for homeless veterans. Now it says that won't happen. Funds that were earmarked to help chronically homeless veterans find a home are now at the discretion of local VA hospitals to use for whatever they need.
Trump had for months been determined to move U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem The president set aside warnings from senior advisers to deliver on a key campaign pledge.
There are four times as many U.S. troops in Syria as previously acknowledged by the Pentagon 'That's where we are now,” a U.S. military spokesman said.
In Jerusalem, Trump’s speech sparks scenes of joy, outrage On a rainy day that curbed public demonstrations, Palestinians predicted another intifada and Israelis voiced gratitude.
Trump calls on Saudi Arabia to allow food, other aid to reach Yemen What amounted to an unusually harsh rebuke came as the Saudi-led coalition intensified airstrikes.
On Brexit, Theresa May’s toughest adversary is not Europe but critics in Britain May is no longer just negotiating with Europe over the messey British exit. She faces blistering argument on all sides at home, including a revolt among her own ministers.
Russia enraged by 2018 Winter Olympics ban over doping The decision was a body blow for a nation that prides itself on its sporting prowess.
Netanyahu quiet on U.S. Embassy move in speech, focuses on Iranian threat Analysts say the move could threaten Israel’s improving relations with Sunni Arab countries.
Questions about Jerusalem you were afraid to ask Why Muslims, Jews and Christians care so much about this particular city.
A baby declared dead woke up on the way to his funeral — and lived for five days The hospital is being investigated, the doctors who delivered the baby boy have been fired, and concerned Indians are fixated on a simple question: How could this happen?
Sessions in Colombia to discuss combating drug trafficking U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is meeting with his Colombian counterpart to discuss bilateral cooperation on combatting organized crime and drug trafficking.
Zimbabwe proposes budget aimed at reviving bleak economy Zimbabwe’s new government plans to reduce diplomatic missions and ban first-class travel for everyone but the president as it tries to revive a devastated economy after longtime leader Robert Mugabe resigned last month.
The Latest: Abbas: World backing Palestinians against Trump The Latest on the fallout from President Donald Trump’s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital (all times local):
Argentine judge seeks arrest of ex-President Fernandez A federal judge on Thursday asked Argentina’s Senate to allow the arrest and trial of former President Cristina Fernandez on a charge of treason for allegedly covering up the role of Iranians in a 1994 bomb attack on a Jewish center.
Top diplomat says Ukraine sticking point in US-Russia ties U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Thursday that Ukraine was the sole sticking point keeping the United States and Russia from forging a closer relationship, suggesting that all other disputes were secondary.
Bitcoin tops $15,000; hack raises concerns ahead of US trade The frenzy surrounding bitcoin amped up further Thursday as the virtual currency soared above $15,000 for the first time, just days before it starts trading on major U.S. exchanges.
Taiwan has statues of him everywhere. Now many want Chiang Kai-shek's image removed Across Taiwan, his image and name are everywhere — on statues and street signs and at a lavish memorial hall in the capital. Chiang Kai-shek was long heralded as a national hero who worked to unify China and fought both the Japanese and the communists. But now many Taiwanese view Chiang as a despot...
Trump's declaration of Jerusalem as Israel's capital sparks anger across Muslim world and beyond Fresh anger poured in from across the Muslim world Wednesday as President Trump said the United States recognizes Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, a move that Arab and European leaders have warned could spark violence and destroy any hopes of reviving the Mideast peace process. Israel responded with...
Trump says U.S. recognizes Jerusalem as capital of Israel, upending U.S. policy and sparking protests Saying that “old challenges demand new approaches,” President Trump announced Wednesday that the United States will recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and will begin a process to transfer the U.S. Embassy to the ancient city, reversing decades of American policy and defying widespread...
A young corruption investigator is killed in Afghanistan. Why didn't his U.S.-trained agency do more to protect him? When 22-year-old Almar Habibzai was shot outside his house in Kabul, it raised troubling questions about the leadership of the FBI-trained Major Crimes Task Force.
Trump expected to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, angering Arab allies With President Trump poised to do what no other president has been willing to do — move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem — leaders and analysts in the region warned Tuesday that it could spur insecurity and instability in a part of the world already beset by both. Fulfilling an oft-repeataed...
In Honduras, electoral board agrees to opposition demands for partial recount Honduran electoral authorities on Tuesday agreed to opposition demands for a recount of returns from more than 5,000 polling places, representing almost 30% of all voting sites in last week’s disputed presidential election. “We are going to review the [ballots], and if there are discrepancies we...
Deposed strongman Ali Abdullah Saleh killed after switching sides in Yemen's war Ali Abdullah Saleh, the deposed strongman who led Yemen for more than three decades and colluded with Iran-aligned rebels to topple his successor, was killed Monday as fighting raged between his followers and their former allies, according to officials on both sides. Saleh’s death removes one of...
Incumbent president leads in disputed Honduran elections, but no winner declared Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez, seeking a second term in office, continued to hold a slim lead Monday as officials largely completed the count in disputed national balloting. But eight days after the voting, authorities had yet to proclaim a winner as the opposition continued to allege...
Britain hoped to initial a 'Brexit' deal, but an old controversy — the border in Ireland — forced a setback The Irish border question took center stage in Britain’s negotiations to leave the European Union on Monday, causing a major setback for Prime Minister Theresa May, who had hoped to conclude an initial agreement but instead was forced to acknowledge talks had faltered. Eighteen months after the...
Protesters against inequality occupied vacant land in Brazil. Now they're a mini-city of 8,000 families The first 500 arrived at sunrise. They trooped past the handful of homes on their left, up the dusty hill at the end of the street and through the single row of sparse trees to the vacant lot, plastic tarps folded under their arms and wooden posts in hand. While some quickly mounted makeshift shacks...
How a chance meeting with Einstein led to the accidental start of a unique photography career In 1948, Marilyn Stafford, a young aspiring actress in New York City, tagged along with two friends who traveled to Princeton to film a documentary about Albert Einstein. As they pulled up in front of Einstein’s New Jersey home, one of the friends tossed a 35-millimeter camera to Stafford sitting...
U.S. airstrikes rise sharply in Afghanistan — and so do civilian deaths Residents of a farming area in eastern Afghanistan say 10 villagers were killed when a U.S. airstrike hit their truck in August. The U.S. military has pushed back strongly against reports of civilian casualties.
Worried that their election is being stolen, Hondurans take to the streets in droves Thousands of opposition backers waving banners and shouting anti-government ballads marched through the streets of the Honduran capital Sunday in a boisterous but peaceful repudiation of the administration of President Juan Orlando Hernandez. The mostly young demonstrators repeated the president’s...
Russia investigation sheds new light on Jared Kushner's involvement with Moscow The expanding federal investigation into Russian interference in last year’s election is shining new light on the central role played by one member of President Trump’s inner circle — his son-in-law and top advisor Jared Kushner — in reaching out to Moscow. The latest disclosure — that even before...
A 40% price cut hasn't helped Uber in Africa’s biggest economy For the past two years, Frederick Aguinede has spent most of his time behind the wheels of cars he will never own. He wakes before dawn, turns on his Uber app and doesn’t return to his apartment until long after dusk — usually clocking more than 12 hours on the road each day. On paper, it looks...
CIA directors past and present spar over President Trump's tweets President Trump’s provocative use of social media — including his recent retweeting of three anti-Muslim videos from a far-right British fringe group — could put lives at risk, according to one former CIA director. The agency’s current director, meanwhile, countered that Trump’s tweets have helped...
Yemen's deposed strongman says he is open to talks with Saudi coalition Yemen’s deposed strongman Ali Abdullah Saleh called Saturday for a popular revolt against his former rebel allies and said he was open to dialogue with the coalition of Persian Gulf states they have been battling for more than two years. Saleh’s offer to “open a new page” with the Saudi Arabia-led...
Human rights groups denounce Honduras curfew as presidential vote count drags on An uneasy calm fell over this Central American capital Saturday as police and soldiers enforced a curfew imposed following days of protests and unrest in the aftermath of disputed national elections. The final results of presidential balloting last Sunday remained unclear as the opposition demanded...
Honduras declares curfew as street violence persists amid disputed election count The government of Honduras declared a nationwide curfew late Friday in an effort to quell an outbreak of violent street clashes, road blockades and looting that have followed last Sunday’s disputed presidential election. The imposition of a curfew for 10 days between 6 p.m. and 6 a.m. — suspending...
She begged him not to leave Mexico again. But the lure of America was powerful, and deadly Agustín Poblete Ortega knew that sneaking into the United States had become more dangerous than ever. Yet he yearned for paychecks that would allow him to save a little, instead of just barely scraping by. "This is the last time," he promised his younger brother before he left.
For a deported man and his family, an uneasy ‘homecoming’ in Mexico Roberto Tetatzin knew he was going to be deported to his native Mexico. Now he and his partner, Judith Cristal Gudino, would have to decide what to do next. Should the girls stay in the U.S. with Gudino, or should the whole family relocate to Mexico?
In Mexico, they made a new American dream — minus their kids When the Almanzas returned to their hometown of Malinalco in 2012, they were not alone. Census data shows more than 1 million Mexicans and their families left the U.S. for Mexico between 2009 and 2014, and fewer made their way north, a demographic shift that is reshaping the immigration equation.
Amid cries of 'fraud!' and clashes with police and soldiers, Honduras awaits results of presidential vote count Tension was building in the Honduran capital as residents awaited the final results of vote counting that has dragged on for days, and supporters of a political newcomer who challenged the incumbent president clashed with security forces. The election pitted Salvador Nasralla, a television personality...
Trump weighs replacing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson with CIA chief in another top-level shake-up President Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson have clashed repeatedly in public over the last year, and America’s top diplomat did not deny recently that in private he had called his boss — undiplomatically — a “moron.” On Thursday, multiple media reports said Trump was actively considering...
Transatlantic rift widens over inflammatory Trump retweets from British far-right group If President Trump thought a transatlantic outcry over his online sharing of far-right anti-Muslim Twitter posts might begin subsiding Thursday, that seems to have been a political miscalculation. In London, the furor that first stirred Wednesday with the president’s retweeting of videos promoted...
